Marvel has just released a new ant-man
trailer online giving us our first real
look at the film's villain yellow jacket
the film stars Paul Rudd Michael Douglas
Evangeline Lilly Corey Stoll and opens
an AMC theaters on July seventeenth
steve virus all this new trailer for
ant-man oh I by uh through the grapevine
I've been hearing healthy I heard the
movies really good and surprisingly
really funny which you know Adam McKay
and Paul Rudd were at the script so this
is not a surprise I think the trailer is
great I think the ending with the train
set uh oh my that was hilarious and I
think that is a lot of the movie is like
that funny kind of stuff uh I know this
movie's going to be good Marvel's riding
this insane pixar s track record the
question is is it going to be great
that's my only question I know it's good
i am absolutely i'm gonna buy this and
this i should mention ray who does our
graphics you're doing a great job today
all this heavy parrilla nick an awesome
um here's the thing they actually showed
us this trailer a few days ago at that
avengers press conference i did because
it was really cool because they said hey
make sure everybody stays in their seats
when the press conference is done they
told me they're gonna show everybody the
ant-man trailer first like heaven faggy
came over he goes because i'm not
kidding i literally just finished gave
my final ok to this trailer five minutes
before I walked into the room I'm like
all right let's go and they showed it to
us looks really funny and you know
what's really interesting there's a line
in the trailer where they says like can
we give like everybody the power to be
God's right stuff like that right
there's a lot going on right now that
that is a very key line that is going to
lead up to civil war that they're going
to introduce a lot of themes in ant-man
because a lot of us have been looking at
a man is a post-credits almost to
Avengers and not really as the precursor
to Civil War and I think what this
trailer is done is suggested a lot of
different things that this may actually
segues into civil war in kryta way but
forget all that just as a trailer that
train scene at the end was so well set
up solo shot for me to buy yeah I buy it
to this really sold me on the movie too
i've been an ant-man fan since I was a
kid and I was always wondering how are
they gonna make when they finally they
announced it like six or seven years ago
we're gonna make an ant-man
I was like all right well aren't there
are all these other characters like that
you know I wasn't against it but I was
also like blood almost rather see moon
night before ant-man now I'm sold on em
and it looks like just seeing what what
they can do now with CG and having him
actually communicate with ants I can't
wait to see that hole like that secret
world of him like hanging out with ants
I know it's going to be a very small
section but are we all in agreement that
it's a better trailer than the first one
was oh but again it's so important to
re-emphasize that the reason why early
trailers just to be honest stink is
because the VFX are just not done oh
yeah only until you get closer to
release at these final VFX shots come in
like flaky pre-approved some of those
and that's the other reason why we
haven't seen Batman Superman yet why the
trailer is on fury road you had to get
closer to release to get those VFX shots
right or even Star Wars for that matter
oh well you by the way so these are
coming and they're both coming